I made the most hilariously effective
vssl of all time and I've used the same
exact structure and the same scripting
framework to throw about 5 million do of
business through this right now but the
example I want to give to you in this
video is for this one specific vssl on
my placement offer now on three separate
occasions so far my sales team has come
to me and they said this person is going
to buy but they really want to talk to
you because they really like the video
and they want to find out how you're
doing this so before I get into showing
you what exactly to say inside the vssl
there's going to be a category of you
who say no one else in my industry has a
vssl SEO agencies don't need a vssl this
type of business doesn't need a vssl now
let me try to explain this to you in the
most logical sense as a conceivably
possible in what situation is you being
on a video and presenting a value
proposition in sales argument and
explaining what you do and showing the
results you're able to provide in what
situation ever does that result in you
getting Less business can you please
point out any specific specific instance
where having a good vsl results in you
making less money please explain to me
how that one actually occur right every
single person if you have a good vssl
caveat it must be actually good it will
nearly 100% of the time result in you
getting significantly more CA book
significantly more leads and
significantly more sales and the reason
why this is is because it's a different
framing that I like to use when making a
vssl most people do the way I like to
make vsls is to morph the sales call as
close to an order taking call as
possible so let's think about the
structure of a sales call you're going
to go through the discovery you're going
to ask them about their situation then
you have to give a whole pitch and you
have to explain everything you're doing
so what if explaining everything you're
doing and the evidence that you're
actually capable of getting results and
your sales argument and your value
proposition was already given to them in
the first place right wouldn't that make
your sales process significantly easier
because that is exactly what has
happened to us it has made everything
easier it has made our sales calls close
significantly higher so if you would
like to get results like this I'm going
to tell you exactly what to say in a
vssl and I'm sorry to disappoint you but
it's not going to be a Verbatim script
do this do this do this do this I'm not
telling you the exact syntax to use but
what I'm going to give you is
significantly more useful than that now
the best way for me to explain this is
to tell you a story so we spun up an
offer and then we had a standard 5
minute 6 minute video that was just a a
broad explainer of kind of how the offer
worked and we were throwing people
through that and now what happens we
booked about 40 50 sales calls through
that and what I did from here was I told
my sales team send me the recordings of
all of the calls I want every single
recording and I'd go through and I'd go
through these recordings and I'd take a
little note card right here and I'd
write down the questions that people
would ask I see another question write
that down see another question write
that down if the question was repeated
I'd put a tally next to it and I'd go
through all these calls and at a certain
point you have all of the questions and
you have tallies on them now at the end
of this I have a bunch of not cards
which with a bunch of tallies and I can
see what are the most frequently asked
questions and just by raw mathematical
nature if you put those questions in
descending order based off of how many
tallies that exist within them it will
by definition be the exact sequence
order that a person will logically ask
when being sold to they must know the
questions to this and then this after
that and then this after that and then
this after that and then this after that
and that is exactly how you arise into
the situations where somebody gets in a
call and they say I was watching the
video and it felt like you were reading
my mind cuz you quite literally were
because you crowdsourced the data put it
in descending order and then that's the
logical sequence with which they ask
questions in the first place so I'm not
going to sit here and tell you the exact
syntax to write on a vssl but what I am
going to tell you to do is just make the
vssl a descending order of the most
frequently asked questions that you get
on your calls in the first place and
this is the most wildly effective
I've ever employed ever in my life and
the best way for me to help you
understand this is if if you're ever
running ads you're running ads and you
you're trying to get qualifi calls you
want people who are making like 10K a
month or more if you were running that
typically what would happen is a good
cost per call at scale is something like
$200 to $300 per call we through that
vssl are getting $80 to $90 calls
because I answer every single question
that someone could ever conceivably have
in just the descending order with which
they're going to ask it in the first
place it works so hilariously well so
you need to do this I absolutely promise
if you do this it's going to make your
life so much easier it's going to make
your sales call so much easier because
what happens is you guys you don't have
a vssl and then you get in the calls
then you have to sit here and go into
this pitch the whole purpose of the BSL
is just to make the sales calls easier
and this has happened Time and Time and
Time Again people inside client sens
they didn't have a vssl and then we
helped them write a vssl and I know it's
a pain to get on the camera if you've
never done it before and and say a
script and do this I know it really
sucks it's super annoying but I promise
it's going to make your life so wildly
easier in terms of the sales process do
it it's going to work go watch this
video next I love you